hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
terraformers
be ready for some spoilers ahead in the
21st century humans tried to solve the
problem with overpopulation by changing
the atmosphere of mars
they managed to accomplish this by
growing plants and sending genetically
engineered cockroaches to the
neighboring planet
in order to speed up the transformation
the year is 2597 in the city of tokyo
komachi and nana are being chased by the
police for committing the crime of
murder
dr honda who works with the japanese
government takes this opportunity and
offers them a deal that they cannot
refuse
he wants them to go on a mission to mars
where they're going to eradicate the
cockroaches sent there 500 years ago
as part of the terraforming process the
doctor promises to alleviate them from
their crimes and even grant them a large
sum of money
if they complete this task komachi
refuses to sign the contract as he knows
that the doctor must have an ulterior
motive
nana hesitates but decides to go on the
mission as she sees no way out
komachi yells at the girl for being so
reckless as there's no way he can allow
her to go alone
the main character begrudgingly signs
the contract as well
they head on to mars two years later on
the spaceship called bugs too
and are joined by a team of many others
just like themselves
komachi has a friendly rivalry with a
man named jin
who's always trying to beat him in
hand-to-hand combat nana questions the
competence of their team members
as they're composed of criminals and
terrorists she wonders what was the
selection criteria for this team
to which jim replies that it was
probably money and freedom
their conversations are interrupted when
captain dojima arrives
and informs them to prepare the landing
for mars they successfully touch down on
the planet and the team members are
surprised to see that mars is no longer
red
but looking more like earth the
lieutenant mina
launches a device into the distance and
it begins shooting out chemicals that
are meant to destroy the cockroaches
the captain orders the team to spread
out in groups of two and confirm the
eradication processes within three
hours the gothic looking woman named
asuka refuses to team up with the yakuza
and insist on going with the computer
hacker ichiro
the captain grants her wishes at the
yakuza's disapproval
as he doesn't want any unnecessary
conflicts within the team
their drone locates the spaceship called
bugs one that was sent here secretly by
the japanese government
10 years ago dojima confirms of honda
that their team is in the process of
first contact
and the doctor responds with
exhilaration suggesting that he may have
something else planned for the mission
jen notices something wrong while
scouting the area with maria
as they fail to find any cockroach
carcasses in the vicinity
they continue heading forwards and jyn
is shocked to see cavemen like humanoid
standing in front of them
he quickly hides with his teammate to
avoid any contact
at the same time komachi and nana also
discovered a similar creature
the main character tries to greet the
humanoid but it rushes towards them and
attacks
nana right away breaking her neck it
then runs off in blinding speed as jen's
team regroups to their location
he tells komachi that other members have
also encountered the creatures and asuka
was killed in the process
they head back to the ship and questions
the captain who apparently knew about
the monsters from the very beginning
but was ordered to keep quiet by the
doctor he explains that these creatures
were sent here 500 years ago
but evolved very quickly due to the
abundance of radiation
the doctor appears as a hologram and
explains to his team that they have
nothing to worry about
as he prepared injections that can grant
them superpowers derived from the
insects
they'll have unique powers individually
as the injections are made to enhance
their dnas
osako suggests that they leave mars
immediately as it's obviously too
dangerous to stay here
the terraformers begin approaching their
ship and one of their teammates
lee volunteers to fight the monster he
heads outside as the sandstorm
approaches
and injects himself of the insect's dna
a mutation occurs rapidly inside the
man's body
and he transforms into an insect hybrid
his mutation is based on the ground
beetle which is capable of shooting out
flames by combining chemicals in their
body
lee begins attacking the cockroach
knocking it back with a fury of kicks
the terraformer strikes back as well and
they appear to be evenly matched
lee uses the special ability and shoots
an intense flame from his hands
burning the creature and pushing it
backwards to everyone's shock
lee didn't kill the cockroach only
burning its outer shells
the monster rushes towards him and kills
him with a single hit through the
stomach
they see another creature on their
window and it continues to hit the glass
until it breaks inside
and kills two of the teammates
immediately the captain
injects the dna and begins mutating into
his hybrid form
his transformation is based on the
bullet end which allows him to lift 100
times his own weight
dojima smashes the cockroach to the
floor and kills it easily with his
immense strength
before they can celebrate the radar
picks up hundreds of terraformers
heading this way
and the team decides that they must
leave mars in order to survive
the lieutenant tries to start the
spaceship but strangely
the engine refuses to work almost like
it was sabotaged
with no other choice the captain decides
to be the decoy and tells everyone else
to go to box 1 and retrieve the
necessary components to fix their ship
surprisingly ichiro volunteers to stay
behind to help the captain
as well komachi takes a last look at
nana before he leaves
and promises to return for her strangely
he notices a string of silk flying up
from the woman's mouth
the team enters the mars rover and
tezuka injects himself with the insect's
dna
transforming into a rogue beetle capable
of shooting out flame projectiles he
grabs onto the mars rover and propels
the team against the horde of terror
formers by shooting flames from his
mouth
meanwhile the captain continues to fight
off the hordes of cockroaches
and each row transforms into his insect
form as well
he runs away from the fight and proceeds
to vacuum out the oxygen in the ship
in order to suffocate all the invading
terraformers
the cockroach juice begins to die off
one by one and each row faints to the
ground as well from the lack of air
at the same time the mars rover team
sees a large wave coming towards them
it turns out to be a tsunami of
terraformers and they must charge
through the enemies in order to escape
tsuka focuses all his energy into
propelling the rover
and they crash into the sea of
cockroaches luckily the team manages to
break through and land safely on the
ground
they continue forwards but soon sees
another tsunami of
insects much larger than the one before
osaku and maria decides to defend the
team from the outside
and transforms into insect hybrids while
heading towards the wave of terraformers
they try their best to fight off the
incoming cockroaches but the vehicle
flips as they exit the horde
throwing the teammates in the air
everyone inside the car gets knocked out
but the rover goes into autopilot and
drives off
the teammates left behind tries fighting
off the insects but gets killed one by
one
the rest of the team wakes up only to
find themselves at bugs one already
komachi tries looking for the other
teammates but the yakuza thinks that
they are the only survivors
they head into the spaceship while two
of them stand scarred outside
mina tries running a diagnostic on bugs
one only to see that it's somehow
transmitting data towards earth
the group hears gunshots from the
outside and rushes towards their
teammates
only to find them lying dead on the
ground apparently the terraformers have
learned how to use weapons
and kill the two standing guard with the
guns from bugs one
komachi injects himself with the dna and
transforms into a giant hornet with
amazing battle powers
he attacks the cockroaches with
devastating blows as he punches holes
into their bodies
jen's mutation turns him into a desert
locust that can jump 90 stories in a
single leap
he's able to decapitate numerous enemies
using his kicks alone
mina transforms into a praying mantis
and slashes the insects into
pieces the team quickly overwhelms the
cockroaches and destroys them with
little effort
on the other side dr honda talks to one
of the terraformers who is able to speak
unlike the others it goes to bugs too
and turns on the oxygen while pointing a
gun at the captain who's lying on the
floor
exhausted from the fights suddenly the
cockroach gets opened up from the inside
and azuka emerges from its body
it turns out that her transformation is
based on the emerald cockroach wasp
who has the ability to control the minds
of cockroaches
and wear their exoskeleton as the skies
instead of dying from the earlier
attacks
she was able to manipulate the insects
into killing each other
she quickly dries her face from the
sticky white liquids and proceeds to
shoot the captain multiple times
asuka pours water onto each road whose
transformation is the asian coronamide
he can survive in almost any condition
and only requires water to reactivate
his cells
they turn out to be working on a secret
mission for the doctor
and ichiro was the one who sabotaged the
flight system on bugs too
the doctor ordered them to bring the
eggs from the terraformers back to earth
no matter the cost
komachi and his team here's the bug's 2
engine from afar
and the doctor explains that their plan
was never to simply exterminate the
cockroaches from mars
he plans on retrieving more genetic
materials from the insects in order to
make better hybrid soldiers for the
japanese government
which no doubt would make the country
become a superpower
they are put on this planet mostly as
test subjects and their fight with the
terraformers are recorded as valuable
research data
in fact they were only able to create
the insect hybrids because bugs one was
able to retrieve a carcass from the
cockroaches
while ichiro and asuka plans to take off
from mars
the eggs hatch prematurely and produces
two evolved terraformers
asuka charges in and stings them with
her claws trying to control their minds
but their evolution has granted them
immunity to her powers
and they proceeded to kill her by
punching through her stomach the
spaceship takes off into the air
heading for earth while the new
terraformers call for help from their
brethrens
the cockroaches from the ground opens up
their wings and flies towards the
spaceship
causing it to stall and malfunction
while guiding it back onto the planet
right beside bugs one the evolved
cockroaches surrounds the team with
their armies of insects
and orders them to attack komachi and
his team transforms and fights off the
enemies with
everything they have they manage to
defeat many of the terraformers but runs
into trouble when facing the two evolved
ones that show amazing battle powers
similar to human fighters
mina tries attacking one of them but
gets her arm ripped off and killed in an
instant
seeing his friend being destroyed like
nothing jin injects himself with his
second dose of mutation
causing the transformation to progress
even further increasing his powers
komachi injects himself again as well
and the two continues to destroy the
enemies with their heightened abilities
after killing many of the terraformers
with his kicks
jin jumps into the air and injects
himself a third time
causing wings to grow from his back the
army of cockroaches flies towards him
and fights him in the air but they're no
match for the human hybrid
and gets destroyed into pieces they
continue to fight against the creatures
waves after waves and eventually slows
down as their fatigue becomes more
apparent
jin understands that they must destroy
the leaders and injects himself with
multiple doses of mutations
causing his body to spike in power but
also making the transformation permanent
he takes this opportunity and attacks
the evolved cockroach with
a devastating kick and kills him by
knocking his head off
jim falls down soon after as he
exhausted all his reserves
komachi tries to defend him against the
remaining leader
but gets defeated easily and gravely
wounded just when they're about to be
finished off
the evolved cockroach notices something
from behind and pulls back his attack
a glowy moth-like creature flies towards
the insects while dropping sparkles of
dust in the air
it turns out that nana's body has
evolved into her final form
in order to aid her teammates against
the terraformers she flies towards the
cockroaches and continues to drop the
glowing dust
jin realizes that these are miniature
bombs while the terraformers looks at it
with intrigue and confusion
komachi flies towards nana trying to
save her from the battle
but jin tells him that she's been dead a
long time ago one of the cockroaches
fires at nana
which causes a chain reaction of
explosions jin rushes towards his friend
and saves him from the explosions in the
last minute
while kumachi cries seeing the woman he
loves buried inside the flames
when everything settles komachi wakes up
and walks towards his friend
only to see that he's permanently
transformed into a locust creature
he tries to comfort jinn and tells him
no matter how he looks
he will always be human in the heart
with his last breath
jen tells his friend to live on for both
of them as tears fall from his eyes
komachi finds the evolved cockroach
still alive and punches them in anger
for the destruction
that he caused he plans to finish the
terraformer but eventually decides to
end the hatred between men and insects
by sparing his life
he goes inside the spaceship only to
find ichiro still alive
the man points a gun at the main
character but saves him by shooting the
terraformer behind instead
they decide to cooperate for now and
resolve their differences once they get
back on earth
the two launches the escape pod into the
atmosphere while the evolved cockroach
stops his brothers from chasing after
repaying the debt for sparing his life
meanwhile dr honda notices that ichiro
has hacked into their system
and is broadcasting the whole event on
international television
he decides to hide as the government
will surely kill him for his failure and
embarrassment
his assistant points her gun at the
doctor as she turns out to be a spy from
the government
she fires at the doctor but honda has
planned for this contingency already
and proceeds to kill the woman with a
deadly poison on their way home ichiro
swears that he'll expose the people
responsible for this experiment while
komachi has a strange feeling that
they'll come back to this planet in the
future
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more i'll see you
guys next time